com/mygdx/templet/screens/CreditsScreen.java
 com.mygdx.templet.screens.CreditsScreen
com/mygdx/templet/tools/MusicControl.java
 com.mygdx.templet.tools.MusicControl
com/mygdx/templet/objects/animatedObjects/animatedObjects.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.animatedObjects.animatedObjects
com/mygdx/templet/objects/aliveObjects/Hero.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.aliveObjects.Hero
com/mygdx/templet/Const.java
 com.mygdx.templet.Const
com/mygdx/templet/objects/staticObjects/Spike.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.staticObjects.Spike
com/mygdx/templet/objects/GenericObjects.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.GenericObjects
com/mygdx/templet/screens/MenuScreen.java
 com.mygdx.templet.screens.MenuScreen
com/mygdx/templet/tools/TiledSetUp.java
 com.mygdx.templet.tools.TiledSetUp
com/mygdx/templet/main/Hunter.java
 com.mygdx.templet.main.Hunter
com/mygdx/templet/tools/DebugRendering.java
 com.mygdx.templet.tools.DebugRendering
com/mygdx/templet/screens/textures/MenuScreenTextures.java
 com.mygdx.templet.screens.textures.MenuScreenTextures
com/mygdx/templet/tools/TexturePackerTool.java
 com.mygdx.templet.tools.TexturePackerTool
com/mygdx/templet/tools/TextAlignment.java
 com.mygdx.templet.tools.TextAlignment
com/mygdx/templet/screens/textures/LoadingScreenTextures.java
 com.mygdx.templet.screens.textures.LoadingScreenTextures
com/mygdx/templet/objects/Platform.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.Platform
com/mygdx/templet/screens/textures/CreditsScreenTextures.java
 com.mygdx.templet.screens.textures.CreditsScreenTextures
com/mygdx/templet/objects/staticObjects/staticObjects.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.staticObjects.staticObjects
com/mygdx/templet/objects/aliveObjects/AliveObjects.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.aliveObjects.AliveObjects
com/mygdx/templet/screens/textures/MainScreenTextures.java
 com.mygdx.templet.screens.textures.MainScreenTextures
com/mygdx/templet/objects/aliveObjects/WalkingNPC.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.aliveObjects.WalkingNPC
com/mygdx/templet/screens/LoadingScreen.java
 com.mygdx.templet.screens.LoadingScreen
com/mygdx/templet/screens/MainScreen.java
 com.mygdx.templet.screens.MainScreen
com/mygdx/templet/objects/staticObjects/TalkingNPC.java
 com.mygdx.templet.objects.staticObjects.TalkingNPC
